README.md, before:

# Building Bl.ocks
Create, fork and edit d3.js code snippets for use with bl.ocks.org right in the browser, no terminal required.

# Usage
Eventually we will host this with a domain, but for now let's just get it running locally by following the instructions in Development.

# Development

MongoDB and Redis are required (for sessions and users), they are currently configured inside `server.js`

```bash
git clone https://github.com/enjalot/building-blocks.git
cd building-blocks/
npm install
# run webpack to build the js & css bundles
npm run local
# run the server (use node-dev server.js for auto-restarting on changes to server code)
node server.js
```
Then take any bl.ock and replace the bl.ocks.org part with localhost:8889 like  
[http://localhost:8889/syntagmatic/0d4f736796ab7b465020](http://localhost:8889/syntagmatic/0d4f736796ab7b465020)  

If you'd like to enable GitHub authentication (for saving and forking as a logged in user) you will need to:  
1) [Register a GitHub application](https://github.com/settings/developers)  
2) copy `secrets.json-example` to `secrets.json` and fill it in with the client ID and secret key from GitHub  


# Deploy your own
TODO

# About this project
This project began as a [Kickstarter project](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1058500513/building-blocks-0) to support it's development. The backers that made it possible will be listed below upon completion of the campaign!

Commit message:

made description more newbie-friendly

README.md, after:

# Building Bl.ocks
Create, fork and edit d3.js code snippets for use with bl.ocks.org right in the browser, no terminal required.

# Usage
Eventually we will host this with a domain, but for now let's just get it running locally by following the instructions in Development.

# Development
MongoDB and Redis are required (for sessions and users) so make sure you install them before proceeding any further. If you would like to tweak the default parameters, you can do so my modifying `server.js`.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/enjalot/building-blocks.git
cd building-blocks/
npm install
# run webpack to build the js & css bundles (note that this does not terminate, so feel free to kill this when no apparent progress is being made)
npm run local
# now set up mongodb with the following commands
mkdir -p /data/db
mongod
# now set up redis with the following commands
redis-server
# run the server (use nodemon server.js for auto-restarting on changes to server code). see http://nodemon.io for information on installing nodemon.
nodemon server.js
```
Then take any bl.ock and replace the bl.ocks.org part with localhost:8889 like  
[http://localhost:8889/syntagmatic/0d4f736796ab7b465020](http://localhost:8889/syntagmatic/0d4f736796ab7b465020)  

### Registering Github Credentials
If you'd like to enable GitHub authentication (for saving and forking as a logged in user) you will need to:  
1) [Register a GitHub application](https://github.com/settings/developers)  
2) Fill `secrets.json` with the client ID and secret key from GitHub  


# Deploy your own
TODO

# About this project
This project began as a [Kickstarter project](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1058500513/building-blocks-0) to support it's development. The backers that made it possible will be listed below upon completion of the campaign!
